[scribbling]
[hip-hop music playing]
[Cam] In the family business.
sometimes you gotta do shitty things
to the people that you love.
Then again. is it that bad
to tell my sister I'm taking my job back?
[door slams]
I mean. I never told her
this was a permanent thing.
And she's gonna land on her feet.
Being a chick nowadays is
actually an advant--
-Isla needs to talk to you.
-Fuck! Jesus Christ!
[inhales]
What's going on?
We need to talk.
Sandy get dumped again?
We don't need a family meeting
every time this happens.
Have a seat. Cam.
[Cam] So. what's up?
You embezzled $2 million
and are an active drug user.
and you cannot be
the president of the Los Angeles Waves.
[chuckles]
What are you talking about?
Cam!
Don't do this. We know.
You motherfucking snitches.
And I will sue your ass
for wrongful termination.
You cannot prove any of this shit.
Jackie.
Cam. I'm only doing this because
I hope you get the help you need.
[Cam] Come on.
I've been using your piss
for a month now. Nobody's caught on.
Keep your mouth shut. and we'll be good.
You were… recording me?
-You fucking…
-[Ness] Hey! Stop
You little shit!
I'm gonna fuckin' murder you.
-Cam! Cam!
-[Ness. Sandy grunt]
-[Cam] I gave you my steak!
-[Ness] Stop!
-Cam!
-Get off!
Stop it! Stop it!
Just don't touch him.
You have no idea how hard it is
to be the oldest in this family.
You would all be crackheads
if you had to deal with
the shit that I went through.
Dad was so good to you.
But he put me through hell.
Then he hands me
some sinking ship of a team
right before he croaks.
And I still… I still managed
to squeak out a couple championships.
and I was under pressure.
So yeah.
I turned to some friendly.
natural. cocoa-based narcotics
to help me get through it.
I'm sure it was a lot. Cam.
and I'm sorry for how Dad treated you.
but it doesn't change
the current situation.
I'll stop.
Look. it's not gonna happen again.
I'll call Rob Lowe.
I'll go hiking with him.
you know. get on his program.
Look. the guy who attacked Jackie.
that's the old Cam. This is the new one.
Cam. you stole from your own family.
blackmailed Sandy.
and used Jackie to violate your probation.
I've notified Stephen and the other
board members about your behavior.
The deal with Fleischman is dead.
Bernie will handle
the sale of your shares to the rest of us.
And if you want to watch a game.
you can watch it from home.
[soft funky pop music playing]
You were dying to piss into that cup
as long as you thought
you could get your beak wet.
And you.
you covered up that payment for me.
So you are just as guilty as I am.
Cam. back off.
And you were never my favorite.
Second favorite?
Third.
[gasps softly]
Dad is looking up at us right now.
and he is ashamed.
You're all such fucking losers.
["Heavy. California" by Jungle playing]
[Isla] Let's try this again.
It's been about a month
since Cam left the organization.
and things have been pretty great.
How great?
Well. we made the fucking finals.
That's right.
First. we took out Phoenix. then Houston.
The conference finals against Seattle
were closer than I'd have liked.
but we're on the brink
of being world champs.
Also. the guy I've been dating
long distance is actually in town.
The tricky thing is he's here because
well. we're playing each other
in the finals.
[music continues]
LA versus Boston.
the greatest rivalry in all of basketball.
I gotta say. Isla Gordon did it.
You know. Sean's kinda growing on me.
Unfortunately for her.
Boston is gonna take LA to pound town.
This thing is gonna be Sweep City USA.
Never mind. Still a moron.
Hey. don't listen to him.
You guys are looking good.
You dominated the playoffs.
I don't know about that.
I mean.
Chicago had me sweating for a minute.
Oh.
Chicago and I have that in common.
[Isla] Is it smart to get attached
to a guy living across the country
who happens to coach
the team I hate most in the world?
I don't know.
But we've agreed to just be in the moment.
Although tonight's moment is game one.
Okay. my ride is on the way.
and so there are no eyewitnesses.
it's one of those driverless cars.
Those things are covered in cameras.
Oh yeah.
But what we really need to talk about
is how this is gonna work
now that the finals have started.
Okay. well.
knowing how competitive you are.
maybe we shouldn't talk about basketball
until the series is over.
What?
I am way less competitive than you are.
You're being competitive
about who's less competitive.
Yeah. and I'm winning.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
That's a good point.
[chuckles]
No basketball talk.
Deal.
-[phone chimes]
-Ooh.
Oh. my. uh. ride just updated.
New one on the way. 18 minutes.
So…
[chuckling]
[upbeat pop music playing]
And here's the itinerary
for your pre-draft scouting trip.
-You leave right after the finals.
-[Ness] Okay.
Jebjana?
Ljubljana.
Ljubljana to Belgrade to Croatia?
I thought you'd wanna see
that small forward from Split.
-Marco Kukoc? Good call.
-His combine stats were off the charts.
Okay.
Whose idea was it to book the Four Seasons
and the Ritz for our games in Boston?
That seems excessive. guys.
Sandy. it's the finals.
Everyone's family's there. We need one
hotel for wives and one for mistresses.
Yeah. if anything.
we should be adding an Embassy Suites
-for any surprise local hoochie.
-Yeah.
Dude. what is going on with you?
Fine.
It's just. I am under a microscope here
okay. with this Cam stuff.
I can't bring any more attention
to our expenses.
Okay. Bro. we talked about this. okay?
You did the right thing. You're fine.
Yeah. Also. who are you afraid of?
The only other person who knows is Cam.
and he's not gonna expose himself. right?
Right. yeah. It's just Cam. me. and Aruna.
-Aruna?
Is that bad?
[upbeat music playing]
[John] There's a timeout
on the floor.
Game one of the finals has been a classic.
Boston leads LA by one
with ten seconds left.
-Do you have any more gum? I'm out.
-You ate my entire pack.
It's okay. I got you.
You could be sitting in the lucky seat.
[phone vibrates]
[Sofia] I got the air purifier!
Now you'll be able to sleep at my place.
Have you told Isla
you're gonna spend the summer in DC?
[Jackie] Not yet. Close game.
Call you after.
-[buzzer blares]
-[Ali] Oh.
-Here we go.
-[Marcus] Waves on three!
One. two. three. waves!
Let's go!
[crowd cheering]
[whistle blows]
Come on. Tommy.
[analyst] Let's see
what Norm drew up. John.
Set the pick! Set the pick!
It's going to Marcus!
[John] Boston double-teams Marcus.
who has to lay it off to Gibbs.
-For the win!
-[buzzer blares]
No good.
Boston takes game one.
[analyst] Jay Brown read
that play perfectly.
Good job. Good job. Good job.
[analyst] Oh. and it looks like
Winfield has tweaked something.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. What is it?
[knocking]
I. uh. got some hot chicken for Isla.
I believe
I asked for a no-contact delivery.
Oh. there's gonna be contact.
[romantic music playing]
[romantic music fades]
It's his meniscus.
Right now. it's just a partial tear.
but if he keeps playing on it.
it could become catastrophic.
Is he done for the season?
-There's no way I'm sitting out.
-I'm not surprised he's saying that.
It looks like he's been playing
on this injury for months.
I'm fine. I had my own guy look at it.
Your own guy?
What the fuck. Marcus?
I thought we were boys.
Me too.
We got a fun working relationship. right?
Like… like Murtaugh and Riggs
in Lethal Weapon. That was us.
Wait. Who's who?
He's Danny Glover. I'm… I'm Mel Gibson.
-But he's the younger one.
-Norm. Dr. Haber.
Can you excuse us?
-Yeah.
-[Dr. Haber] Yeah.
-Marcus. you can't play.
-I don't agree with your assessment.
I'm sorry. but you are not helping us
limping around out there.
[melancholy music playing]
What if this is my last shot?
It may be your last shot.
but it could be
some of your teammates' only shot.
So I'm missing a little cushion.
Look. Isla…
I need to be out there.
Please.
I'm banning you from playing.
Focus on getting better.
Heal your knee. That's an order.
[breathes deeply]
[John] And the Waves drop game two.
This one was never close. folks.
No Marcus Winfield.
who wasn't even in the arena.
LA will head to Boston with
their star player nowhere to be found.
-[Isla sighs]
-Hey. package for Isla.
These disguises are becoming less cute
the more games I lose.
Is it still working?
Yeah.
[upbeat music playing]
[knocking]
Aruna. my diva.
How are you. mama?
You didn't go with the team to Boston?
And be away from my bestie?
-Charcuterie?
-I can't. I'm pregnant.
Literal mama!
Um. so I just wanted to close the loop
on the whole Cam rehab check situation
and see how you decided to explain it.
I did not decide anything.
It was improperly filed.
so I brought it to your attention.
Right. Right. Yeah.
but since we paid it back and Cam's gone.
I'm assuming we can keep this between us?
I see what you're trying to do here.
-And I will keep your secret.
-Oh my God.
Thank you. Aruna.
Unless someone asks me. Then I cannot lie.
What?
No. Why?
I don't have your family's loose morals.
No. neither do I. I'm the good one.
Whatever you have to tell yourself.
-[exhales]
-[door closes]
[whispering] Oh God.
[John] And LA loses game three
of the finals in Boston.
[analyst] And where's Marcus Winfield?
It's over. Ali.
No. it is not over.
Yes. we are down three games to none.
Yes. no one's ever come back from that.
But your blowout's still holding up.
[screams]
-What the…?
-Jay?!
Oh. hey. this is nuts.
I. uh. thought this was my room.
What are you talking about?
You live in this city.
-I know. I know. It's so weird. I…
-[Ali] Oh. Oh.
-Oh my God.
-Man. I am so mixed up.
[Ali] Oh my God.
I'm so sorry about that. Bye.
[funky pop music playing]
It started after we played the McShays.
-[gasps]
-Ow!
Stop not telling me
when you hook up with Jay!
We kept texting.
and then when we made the finals.
it just became. like. a thing.
Wow. So… so you're. like. dating?
We're keeping it casual.
Living in the moment.
[Ali scoffs]
What? Ali.
long-distance relationships can work.
I'm not trying to be harsh.
I know you're just living in the moment.
but this moment is also
your chance to win a title.
It's not the best timing. I'll admit it.
Also. kinda risky
sleeping with the enemy during wartime.
I'm not giving him our game plan
when we're. you know…
Not that it'd matter.
Jay doesn't need help.
Boston's dominated
every team in the playoffs.
Not everyone. Not Chicago.
True.
[pensive music playing]
-What?
-Get Ness in here right now.
Boston won every series
by an average of nine points a game.
except Chicago.
That series.
they only won by three a game.
And two of those games went to overtime.
So what did Chicago do differently?
They went small.
Four guards and a power forward.
Zone. nonstop press.
Totally changed up their game.
We're gonna go Chicago-style.
Attack from the wings.
put Turner and Kuman in foul trouble.
take away their biggest advantage.
Ness. what do we think?
Chicago-style.
I like it.
It's also making me really want
some pizza. I'll get into it with Coach.
[exhales]
I wish you'd thought of this
three games ago.
[gentle music playing]
[knocking on door]
Hey.
Can we talk?
I'm wondering if this is getting
a little… too complicated.
and maybe we should push pause for a bit.
-Is this because Ali saw me naked?
-No. no. no.
I just…
I'm having a hard time focusing. I think.
Focusing or losing?
Come on. Don't tell me you wouldn't feel
similarly if you were down 0-3.
Yeah. but I thought we talked about
keeping this and basketball separate.
Yeah. well. we also didn't have pants on
when we made that decision. so…
Can't we just figure this out
when the finals are over?
Sure.
Yeah.
I can wait one more game.
Are you talking shit?
I mean. we're rivals again. so…
Okay.
Good luck.
[dramatic music playing]
[buzzer blares]
[John] And a shorthanded LA team
staves off elimination.
but Boston's still up three games to one.
I mean. come on.
Chicago-style totally worked.
Ooh. Jay was flustered the whole game.
Did you see when he was choking
on Gatorade and started coughing?
It was nice to see
his hot face sweaty and bloated.
just like the rest of us.
Any update on Marcus?
No. Ray and Roy both have
their phones off.
I know he's pissed. but he should be
sitting on the bench supporting the guys.
It's fine. all right?
We're gonna find him.
-Cheer up.
-[groans]
-You okay?
-Oh. sorry. Too hard?
[all gasp]
Is that your tooth?
It's from all the gum you've been chewing.
Bitch. you just lost a tooth.
We're gonna take you to the dentist
as soon as we get to LA.
Jackie. go around! Drive! Jesus!
We should look into separate flights home.
That could be contagious.
Okay. Gene. just stay there for the month.
Oh my God. I wasn't serious.
-[exhales]
-[knock on door]
Hey. everything okay?
No. my husband wants to move
to Austin for his "stand-up" career.
He thinks he's got a shot
at being Theo Von's assistant.
[softly] Oh.
Anyway. what's up?
I think you should come
on the scouting trip.
-What?
-You know the game.
You're good at pointing out people's flaws
that make 'em human and weak.
-I… I don't know. Ness.
-I could use the help.
I mean. these kids see me
as the fun uncle.
[scoffs]
It'd be good to know
they have a bitchy tiger mom.
You could've just said tiger mom.
Tiger mom.
You know what?
I'm in.
All right.
Just so you know. last time
I went transatlantic. I took an Ambien.
and I just kinda wandered the aisles.
but I sorted that out.
Monica!
[R&B music playing]
[Isla] Oh.
Isla. you must start flossing.
I do.
I just removed
an entire Cobb salad out of your mouth.
Oh. Mr. McShay!
-Hi.
-It's so good to see your gums. as usual.
And I don't know how.
but your teeth are getting straighter.
Good genes. I guess.
[laughs]
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Getting new teeth for your hockey players?
I've been coming to Dr. Weaver for years.
Me too.
He did my braces
when I was a kid and an adult.
I mean. it's not a great flex.
[both laugh]
No.
No. I'm a little off.
I haven't had solid foods all day.
Well. lucky for you. this building has one
of the best restaurants in Los Angeles.
[slurps] Mmm.
-Feeling better?
-Mm-hmm.
-Blood sugar back to normal?
-Didn't this used to be a cigar lounge?
And then a cupcake store
and a fedora shop.
[Isla] Mmm.
So you're riding high
after that W last night?
Yeah. Oh.
We needed that.
It was a good call changing up
the game plan. They weren't ready.
You watched.
Are you kidding? I'm from LA.
I love everything about this city.
I mean. except the 405.
The worst.
-Oh. what about the 110? Horrible.
-Horrible.
I love exiting from the left side
like an idiot.
You see? I knew we'd have a good time
if we went out on a date.
-This is not a date.
-It's not a date?
No. it's two people talking
in a medical plaza.
All right.
-Well. let's do dinner next time.
-Not so fast.
Maybe we'll run into each other
at the podiatrist.
[hip-hop music playing]
[John] Dyson for three. Good again!
And the Waves have come from behind
to win game five.
Game six has been all Waves.
Travis to Tommy.
And the Waves win big in Boston
to force game seven.
[analyst] Insane win. John.
[John] Can Isla Gordon bring home
her first title as Team Pres?
We'll find out tonight.
Jackie!
Hey. any word if Marcus showed up yet?
-Nothing.
-Oh. shit.
I took away all your gum.
Dr. Weaver's orders.
If you want something to chew on.
I have soft cheeses and oatmeal
in the break room.
[exhales]
Thanks.
Jackie. sit down for a second.
Look. Cam was wrong about a lot.
but he wasn't about one thing.
That taxation is theft?
No.
You deserve more opportunity here.
How'd you like to go with Ness
on the scouting trip to Europe?
[chuckling] Are you serious?
-Yes.
-I've been dying to visit Europe.
Ooh. it's my favorite part
of It's a Small World.
Great.
But I think I have to pass.
Really? Why?
I've been meaning
to talk to you about this.
You know Sofia's doing
her internship in DC.
and I was kinda hoping
that I could take some time off
to visit her for the summer.
Oh. that's nice.
Um…
But what are you going to do
while you're there?
Um. help her get ready
for work in the mornings. and then.
I don't know. wait until she gets home.
Jackie…
I have this friend.
and… she got offered
a dream job in Paris. and turned it down
because she wanted
to spend the summer with her boyfriend.
And then. a month later. they broke up.
And she will always be known
as the girl who didn't go to Paris.
Wow.
That sounds just like LC from The Hills.
It is LC from The Hills.
She's my friend. I love her.
But… do you want to be like LC?
[rock music playing]
[John] Welcome to game seven
of the ABL Finals.
LA versus Boston. Winner take all.
-You ready? Nervous?
-Hmm.
-A little bit of both.
-[chuckles]
[breathes deeply]
All right. let's go have
the best or worst night of my life.
["This is the Moment"
by Koda Kids & Leslie Powell playing]
♪ This is it ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ You got the power ♪
♪ This is the future… ♪
-It'll be fun.
-Good luck.
You too.
♪ This is the moment… ♪
[announcer] Sign up for
an official Waves credit card
and receive a free miniature…
[buzzer blares]
I can't believe Marcus is still MIA.
[Isla] God. he can hate me all he wants.
but it's insane he's not here.
[announcer] Make some noise!
[John] All right. we're about ready to go.
Game seven. You ready. Edgar?
[Edgar] I'm ready
to run through a brick wall. John.
[John] Maybe after the game.
And we're off.
Boston controls it.
and Howard leaps for the quick dunk.
Waves' ball.
White calls out the play.
Dyson off the curl.
Not close.
[Edgar] He's off early.
and Howard with another easy one.
Put a body on him.
[Edgar] He's killing us.
[John] And a much bigger Boston team
is coming out hot.
[Norm] Come on. Come on.
-[John] Tommy is stripped.
-Get back. Get back.
[Edgar] LA's down 20.
[John] Jay Brown and Boston have figured
out how to handle LA's new scheme
with a counterattack of their own.
[indistinct chatter]
[club music playing faintly]
-Mmm. Sorry.
-Thank you. Thank you.
Is that a mai tai?
-This is an AMF.
-AMF?
Goodbye. motherfucker.
-Jackie.
-That's what the drink's called.
[in Spanish] Yes. brother.
I'm thinking
we should go to Dubrovnik for a day.
Because they got this kid
that can drain threes from half court.
Plus. shrimp capital of Eastern Europe.
Look. if it's got a beach. I'm in.
What. are you guys planning
a work trip or your honeymoon?
-[Sandy chuckles]
-What?
What are you talking about. Sandy?
I get the Cam situation is making
you anxious. but you're a sloppy drunk.
You need a cup of coffee.
Gail. can we get a coffee?
[Ali] Yeah. we're done.
Coffee and an AMF. Gail.
Shh. shh. shh. shh.
[John] We're almost ready
for the second half.
but the Waves without Marcus Winfield
are down big.
[Ali] Jay is pretty focused.
All right. guys.
I know it may seem impossible right now.
and it might be impossible.
but that doesn't mean it's not possible.
Coach. that's literally what it means.
[growls]
-[crowd cheering]
-[cameras clicking]
[announcer] Now entering
the arena. Marcus Winfield!
-[Travis] Where the hell you been?
-China. baby.
-[laughs]
-Just got back an hour ago.
Whoa. whoa. What?
There's a lab in Chengdu.
They have experimental therapy
that isn't available anywhere else.
-Can you play?
-I'm playing.
-[Benson] Yeah!
-All right. All right.
Hey. listen. guys. One more thing.
I want to tell you all
about the night that I met my late wife.
It was October 1990.
And I know that because it was
the original Aunt Viv from Fresh Prince.
It might have been '91.
and I was watching Roseanne.
-The point is--
-All right. Coach. Do you mind?
-[exhales]
-Let me help you out.
[exhales] Yeah. thank you.
Look. we all know
you miss your dead wife. all right?
But if she's watching right now.
she wants one thing.
To win this fucking game!
[all scream]
Waves on three!
-[Marcus] One. two. three. Waves!
-[players] Waves!
[Norm] It was Golden Girls.
[John] I don't believe it.
Look at this. Marcus Winfield is starting
the second half.
Where have you been?
You told me to get better.
so… I got better.
[buzzer blares]
[John] And we're underway
in the second half.
Marcus Winfield is back.
and he's picking up full court.
He pokes it away from Turner.
Winfield on a breakaway.
-[whistle blows]
-[John] Bucket and a foul!
-And one!
-What? Who?
That's Turner's fourth. Very good!
[John] Waves on the attack again.
Tommy White penetrates.
Don't give him that! Don't give him that!
[John] To Marcus.
It's good!
Pressure. guys. Pressure!
[crowd chanting] Defense!
[John] LA continues
the defensive pressure. Turner has it.
He… misses.
Up ahead to Gibbs.
He finds Tommy for three.
-It's good!
-[crowd cheering]
We need a stop. We need a stop.
[John] LA's defense has
turned it up a notch.
Another steal.
Atkins leaves it for Edwards.
-Slam dunk!
-[crowd cheering]
He's panicking. Jay's panicking.
[Edgar] Less than a minute to go. John.
The Waves gotta get something
on this possession.
[whistle blows]
[John] Foul!
Adrian Turner.
Boston's leading scorer. has fouled out.
[John] And LA has fought back.
Thirty seconds left.
And now trails by four.
Let's go!
Don't let up.
[John] LA applying the pressure.
Boston needs to get a shot off.
-No good!
-Get back! Get back!
[John] LA needs a quick one here.
Ball goes to Victor in the corner.
He swings it to Dyson.
Gibbs for three!
-It's good!
-[crowd cheers]
Waves down by one.
Boston ball. Ten seconds left.
[Edgar] LA's gotta foul!
-[John] Here's the game. Stolen by Marcus!
-Time-out!
Time-out. Waves!
[Edgar] He's playing like a man possessed.
-[Ness] Whoa!
-[Sandy] Whoo!
-Yes!
-Oh my God.
I'm gonna throw up.
Ali. did you bring a vomit bag?
Yes. but Ness already used it.
Are you guys nervous.
or do you have norovirus?
-Jesus.
-[Ness] 'Cause of all the stress.
[John] What a game.
It all comes down to this.
-[whistle blows]
-[John] Game on the line.
Title on the line.
Waves have the ball.
They bring it in to Tommy
who gets it to Winfield
at the top of the key.
[Edgar] Boston can't double Marcus
because LA's shooters have been red-hot.
[John] He drives. pulls it back…
elevates.
For the win…
[Ali mouthing]
You need to trade for
a shooting guard who can hit a three.
You're gonna come work for us.
-[whistle blows]
-[cheering]
I'm making you the president of the Waves.
Done. Sending you a deal memo.
[uplifting music playing]
There will always be
another playoffs that you choose over me.
[music continues]
[buzzer blares]
[ball swooshes]
[John] It's good! It's good! It's good!
Waves win!
Marcus Winfield is the hero!
The Waves are the world champions!
[crowd cheering]
[uplifting music playing]
[hip-hop music playing]
[inaudible]
-Norm! You did it!
-All right. Hey.
[both laugh]
[Norm] Yeah.
Thank you. Thank you so much
for just believing in me. you know?
I mean. when Andrea passed.
I thought I would just be that old guy
who goes to the racetrack every day
until the janitor comes
and sees me dead in the toilet stall.
But you gave me
the dignity that I so badly needed.
Norm. Norm. I… I love you. I love you.
It's too… too heavy a conversation
for this time.
-Okay.
-Congrats. Norm.
You too.
[both laugh]
All right.
-Hmm.
-We're good.
-Yeah. I mean. I guess the best part--
-Champagne! That's the best part!
Jackie. come here!
-Congrats. sis.
-[sighs]
So I told Sofia
I'm going to Europe this summer.
Oh. that's amazing!
How'd she take it?
-Not well.
-Oh.
But I didn't wanna be
the girl who didn't go to Paris.
Oh. Ooh.
Oh yeah!
Brielle. will you make me
the luckiest man in the world?
Will you have a threesome with me tonight?
With that thot sitting courtside?
-Yeah.
-Baby. I thought you'd never ask!
[chuckles] Oh. Marcus.
-We did it.
-Yeah.
-Oh.
-Good news is it's not my knee.
Oh good. That is very. very good news.
It's my Achilles.
What?
-We gotta get you to Dr. Haber right--
-Later.
I don't wanna spend my last moments
as a player inside a training room.
[hip-hop music playing indistinctly]
[exhales]
Smile. We won.
Oh. thank you. Marcus.
Thank you.
Now help me up.
Please.
[players cheering]
[hip-hop music playing]
♪ There's not enough room
For the both of us. look ♪
♪ If you ever callin' me
Call me number one ♪
♪ Oops. I did it again ♪
[music stops abruptly]
[birds chirping]
[inhales deeply]
[moans]
-[moans]
-[phone vibrating]
[chuckles lightly]
[chuckles]
-[gasps]
-[body thuds]
[Isla exhales deeply]
[gentle music playing]
[Isla exhales]
[Ali groans]
Oh.
God. he's so sweaty.
If I would've known I'd be this hungover.
I maybe would've wanted to lose.
No offense. but your voice sounds like
someone is drilling a hole in my brain.
[groans]
[Sandy] Oh God.
[Ali. Isla chuckle]
Oh. I feel horrible.
[groans]
What?
-Oh no.
-What is that?
You passed out grilling steaks.
-Oh!
-You need to go to the hospital.
Turn the TV on right now.
Jackie.
Oh. what the f…
The LA Industry basketball franchise
was an integral part of this city.
-What is this.
-[Al] Until it moved.
But today. the Industry has returned.
And we're gonna be the best
basketball team in Los Angeles! [laughs]
Holy shit.
What is happening?
I am so honored
to partner with Al Fleischman
to purchase the Industry.
Uh. I've only known Al a short time.
but he's already become like family to me.
Oh my God.
Now. if you're gonna have
a top-level basketball team.
you are gonna need a top-level coach.
so we pulled out all the stops
when we were hiring this guy.
Um. I am so honored to introduce
our new head coach
for the LA Industry and part owner.
Jay Brown.
-[applause]
-[Cam laughing]
Come here.
[Cam laughs]
[Cam] Thanks. guys.
Come on. take a picture.
[laughs]
Motherfucker!
♪ Hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ Everywhere I go
I’m the life of the party ♪
♪ Yo. that’s all I know. huh ♪
♪ My light shine bright
Like the sun with a glow ♪
♪ And I bring the good vibes
Everywhere that I go. yeah. huh ♪
♪ Everywhere I be. I’m walking with a swag
Like you wouldn’t believe ♪
♪ They be looking. they be jocking
They be rocking with me ♪
♪ Everybody wanna be
Everywhere that I be ♪
♪ It goes one. two. three. four. five ♪
♪ Once I step into the party
Then I’m getting alive ♪
♪ I’ve been on another level
Living life on a high ♪
♪ A lot of people just surviving
But I feel so alive. yeah ♪
♪ It takes two to make a thing go right ♪
♪ I provide good vibes
Then we go all night ♪
♪ Throw confetti in the air
We're celebrating life ♪
♪ And if you don’t feel the love
You ain't doing it right ♪
♪ Whoo! Everywhere I go ♪
♪ I do me ♪
♪ Everywhere I am
That’s where the party’s at ♪
♪ It’s the place to be. yeah ♪
♪ Everywhere I go ♪
♪ Everywhere I go is the place to be ♪
♪ It's the place to be ♪